What are you doing up there?
I had a good idea.
Tell me about it.
It sounded like a good idea.
It's a feeling.
That's what I got the idea.
We're pouring.
At a meeting, came into the meeting.
Remember, the two boys were ready to go.
He said, we're ready.
Try it out.
Boy, we got it done.
I had a pity the judge
I had a new governor.
At that time, I asked me to go.
I didn't want to go home.
Which governor was it?
I don't remember.
The governor was.
I don't remember his name.
He said, I got him.
He said, I'm sure you got him.
So, he began, bam, more pain, bam, bam, bam, like a thing.
Twenty-five thousand dollars a year.
I've tried to begotten.
I'm trying to do that.
Hmm
I can't make sure the association was that way of that.
No.
Mason.
I mean, he said, well, I need you what we've done.
He said, I don't know, take any more.
I can guess you people.
Turn them down, and they had help with them.
I'm afraid nobody.
Finally got it out.
Take away our money.
All the banks went broke.
Everybody had a big salary.
That was a conservative method.
Making everybody rich.
Control all the money.
All the banks went broke.
When you met with Governor Daniels before he appointed you to the A&M board, you said that you promised him you would not vote for co-education while he was governor.
Did he ask you any other questions?
No.
I don't remember.
I said, everybody, I'm going to work against me.
I said that I click at him.
Now, he was not necessarily opposed to co-education, was he?
Didn't he think it was just politically dangerous?
Had you known Governor Daniel a long time?
And you all had worked together before then?
Now, was it Governor Connolly that reappointed you?
Did you all have a conversation before he didn't call you up or anything or quiz you, interview you?
You had supported him.
In those 12 years, did the governor call you during your service to talk about A&M?
No.
Did you go to the legislature to lobby for A&M during those years?
I checked him as soon as he got out of his head.
Now, Bill Moore as senator was a strong advocate for A&M.
Yes, sir.
Do you remember Brownrig Dewey, the state representative from Brazos County then?
I don't remember.
He was a small, kind of quiet man, but he was in the House of Representatives.
Were there any strong opponents in the legislature of .
.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
While you were on the board, was Mrs. Cashin still the hostess at the board house?
Because I interviewed one of her sons the other day, Jim.
And he was telling me that after his father died, that for many years she was the hostess at the board house north of Cebisa.
Now, when you all had board meetings, did you meet at the MSC or at the board house?
I had room at our meeting.
It wasn't too good.
I got a good one now.
Let's see.
Let me ask about some other people.
Tiger Teague, was he a good ally for A&M?
What were his primary concerns?
What did he work hardest for?
For A&M.
What about Lupo?
Old Army Lou?
J.E.
Lupo, that ran the store at Northgate, he was a classmate of Mr. Rudder and Mr. Teague's, and he loaned money to students always.
How do you know that?
Pinky Downs.
Did you know Pinky Downs?
Yes, sir.
Pinky Downs.
I was torn up.
I remember him as a when I got there he was a kind of a frail little man but always had a smile
and had lots of energy, and was always going around shaking hands and patting people on the back.
Yes, sir.
Let's see.
Mr. Zachary, I know he was a classmate.
Oh, class behind you.
when he was on the board, was he a strong supporter of change?
Oh, he was not for co-education?
But he did care about A&M very deeply.
And we understand that his son may soon be appointed to the board.
Yeah, good brother.
Yes, sir.
Let's see.
We talked about Buck Shewitch yesterday.
When Buck was a student, was he large in weight as he would later be, or was he kind of trim?
Kind of trim.
And was he a pleasant?
One of the best friends I am.
If you ever decide you want to sell any of your Shewitz items, I want to bid for them because my wife and I knew him, and we collect Shewitz items.
Buck was such a special guy.
He was his wife.
Oh, yes, yes.
Let's see.
Tom Harrington, you knew him as a student.
I knew him as a student.
What kind of student was he?
Because he was a student.
And he was from Plano.
My earliest years, we lived in Garland, and when we needed anything fixed on the Farmall tractor, we went to Plano because the Harrington family owned that, and I believe a funeral home and I think a furniture store.
And the Harrington family was very, very good.
As time came to consider co-education and volunteer corps, was Dr. Harrington supportive of those changes?
I don't know.
It had to be.
The board was.
Okay.
I hadn't thought about that, that he would have to follow the board.
Let's see.
Dick Hervey, as executive director of the former students, was he a strong advocate for A&M?
Because you and Dick worked closely together, didn't you?
What about Buck Wyrus?
He sure was.
The former student association has been very blessed to have such good leadership.
And now with Randy Mattson, Randy's one of my favorites.
I met him the day that John Lindsay brought him to A&M to try to recruit him as a student.
He's a good man.
Oh, he's a splendid man.
Football.
Track man.
In high school, he was All-State.
Then he played one year of basketball at A&M and was very, very good.
Basically, he's a good, solid human being.
I agree.
Let's see.
You were in the Corps of Cadets.
What did you learn from that experience?
What did being in the Corps teach you?
To be on time, I guess.
To be on time.
Best thing.
You can tell me.
I don't love them, but time meant a lot.
Describe the uniforms that you all wore when you were a student.
What did the uniforms look like then?
The student uniforms.
Was it a gray shirt then?
Button-up collar.
One year, I don't remember.
Did y'all wear the high senior boots?
No.
I didn't really like him.
I was too patriotic.
It feels like, so I gotta have... I gotta... I gotta... I gotta... I gotta... I gotta... I gotta...
Did you call your roommates fish old ladies then?
I don't remember.
Did you all have a lot of slang?
Yes.
Do you remember any of it?
I don't remember.
Did the teachers, the faculty members have nicknames then?
I guess they did.
I don't remember.
I was going to, okay, pull my key.
And I turned off.
And I was like, yeah, she's going to exercise.
I was going to pull my key.
It was all right.
Anyway, I remember going out and changing courses in winter.
So I went out one night.
He gave us a picture about how I did the best I could on it.
And then he said, bitch, you're doing a real good job.
He gave me a picture.
How did that picture?
I don't know.
Anyway, at the end of the serve,
He had trouble up the jam with him.
He called you our guy.
He cleaned it out.
Cleaned out the board, damn it, big shovel.
I told him later about what he was like right now.
Anyway, I ended up with a friend of mine, a great friend of mine.
He did his job.
He kept cleaning up the bar.
That's all we did.
He was a good brother.
Now, what were your favorite courses?
What subjects did you most enjoy at A&M?
I enjoyed all of them.
I don't know.
Agronomy.
Practiced 100.
I did it.
Wanted to make 100 and you did.
What were the hardest courses for you?
The ones that you had to work the hardest.
You mentioned yesterday Tommy Mayo as the fine librarian.
Best librarian in the world.
Did he teach any courses then in English?
No.
Tommy Mayo, one of the best instructors I had.
Tentos is on it.
You ever heard of Tentos?
Oh, yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
How was that spell, Ginto?
Was it J-I-N-T-O?
Now, that wasn't a secret society, was it?
No.
Hadn't came into it so far again.
It had a big room.
Probably about four or three people.
And I enjoyed it.
How often did the Gento meet?
Once a month.
Did each of you sometimes give the program?
No.
I talked one time.
Oh, I see.
Paper.
Oh.
Paper is going to be.
Okay.
I had an argument about that.
I got the best course I had.
Best course you had.
Very good.
I taught it.
Dana Bible, the coach, the star of the football team.
Then, I don't know.
Coach Dana X. Bible was the football coach.
But I don't remember who the basketball coach was.
Let's see, did I ask you if you knew Heine Weir?
He later taught at Schreiner in Kerrville.
Was he a good student?
And let's see, did you know King Gill?
All right.
Was he a little guy?
Medium size.
But he wasn't as big as Weir, was he?
No.
Was Gil a good football player?
Much better.
Must have been?
Okay.
Was Coach Bible an excellent coach?
Very good.
Very bad.
Did he relate well to students?
Very good.
because to me the Twelfth Man story revolves around him.
Whether it's a legend or a fact, it still relates around him.
He's a good one.
When did people begin to talk about the Twelfth Man?
Do you know?
After King Gerald.
Was it soon after that?
Soon after that.
Let's see.
Y'all ate in Cebisa.
Did anybody ever get into biscuit fights and throw biscuits?
You don't remember?
Did y'all behave well in Cebisa?
I do.
Seniors would do something about that.
Oh, seniors would do something about that?
Yeah, right.
Now, when they paddled you, when did they do it?
Was it after supper?
After supper.
And then where would that happen?
In the dormitory?
And they'd line everybody up?
Did the sophomores do the paddling or the seniors?
Sophomores.
Let's see.
Back to Tommy Mayo.
Does your love for the library, does Tommy Mayo help to stimulate that?
See, I think that's a good proof that the good works of people can live a long, long time.
Like my office is in the Evans Library, so each day when I go to my office, I am proud to say that I have an acquaintance with you.
Thank you very much.
Was the YMCA active then?
Sure was.
What did you all do at the Y?
I remember.
The only thing I remember.
Speeches.
Was there a pool hall in there?
There was.
Was there a swimming pool?
So an indoor swimming pool, pool hall.
Were you all allowed to play cards?
Don't remember?
In class, did you ever sleep through class and not go to class?
What would happen if somebody went to sleep in class?
They'd eat that lunch for a freshman.
Let's see.
Now, you graduated in four years.
During that time, do you remember any famous people coming to the campus?
Any famous generals or presidents?
Did General Pershing, by chance, did he come?
Let's see.
Guyon Hall was the big assembly room.
Did you all have worship services in there?
And who would lead the service?
Who would do the preachings?
Was there a chaplain for the... Did you all have a religious emphasis week?
In the 1950s, there was religious emphasis week.
Did you go to church while you were a student?
Where?
On campus or off campus?
On campus.
Had you been a church member before you went away?
What denomination?
Baptist.
So you were fully immersed and washed clean.
Were there any tragic events that happened to any of your friends while you were at A&M?
Anybody badly injured?
Anybody hurt in an accident?
Most of your friends, were they from the city or were they from small towns?
Small towns.
And were they farm boys or ranch boys?
Was DeWare Fieldhouse, was it built yet, the basketball?
DeWare Fieldhouse, was it built yet?
The football was played at Kyle Field.
Was Dean Kyle still active?
He seemed very active.
I know nothing.
Tell me about Dean Kyle.
Dean Kyle.
I had a friend that you had worked with a corporation.
He said, I'm going to get you one corporation commissioner.
Sure, I knew it.
Maybe you're right about it.
You know what?
I tried to port a fellow to bang him so that you know.
I don't know about it.
So he ran his order or whatever.
Sort him on the idea.
Yes.
I don't remember, but me.
I got bad.